RHIDP-15906: MCP Server and Tools compliance with RH MCP Dev Requirement (#2531)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/integrate_interacting-with-model-context-protocol-tools-for-rhdh/proc-configure-mcp-tokens-and-endpoints-to-authorize-client-access.adoc

signInPage: oidc
----

> . Apply an action filter to limit which MCP tools are exposed to AI clients. Red Hat recommends exposing only read-only tools by default to minimize risk:

Author: ```suggestion
. Apply an action filter to limit which MCP tools are exposed to AI clients. {company-name} recommends exposing only read-only tools by default to minimize risk:
```
